happy thumbs gaming week
hey everybody its brian with happy
thumbs gaming today we're gonna be
scavenging through area three and
picking up the mirage trophy so here we
are right here at the beginning of area
three our awesome little chicken legs
making their way through that sand
alright and I will go ahead and note too
that I have sped this up a little bit so
we don't waste too much of your time
so what you're gonna want to do is just
basically head straight at the main
mountain right off the bat trudge your
way up and down that sand II fly if you
got it and once we free one of these
little magic carpets here we're gonna
want to move ahead and once we get to
this rock we're gonna bust a 90-degree
turn to the right and just follow this
doomed yay
how much fun it is to run through dunes
with chicken legs
the goal here basically - is to find the
hidden desert flower as you may or may
not know this game was developed by that
game company who was also responsible
for the game flower and as a tribute to
one of the early releases they hid a
flower in the middle of the desert so as
we continue down this 90-degree turn
here as we just keep going and going
you'll see that there are a couple
little ruins out here and there is a
symbol if you're hunting those symbols
there's another video for that and once
we free this other magic carpet it'll
lift us up and give us that symbol and
then we're gonna turn around and head
straight for the desert flower I
recommend going this route when you go
after all the symbols and the glyphs
just because it's kind of a big circle
there's a lots of desert to get lost
slash explore here so make sure you try
to do it as methodical as possible
wait it's like chutes and ladders and
you can see those magic carpets floating
around they're trying to tell you where
to go and I am just not paying attention
whatsoever
and we're gonna keep heading for
basically right for the main mountain
and the distance there once you get to
the very top of this gnarly dune it's
one of the biggest ones you'll see kind
of a little Valley there in between it's
real easy to miss so make sure you get
to the high peak there and then double
back down this dune and you'll see if
there's something down there what is
that I don't know not quite sure looks
like a flower indeed it is so go ahead
and Yelp at it or whatever you want to
call that musical note thing there and
wait for it there it is the Mirage
trophy alright well that's gonna go
ahead and wrap it up for today as
journey and area three and we found
ourselves that flower and gain that
Mirage trophy alright feel free to
comment vote subscribe if you like what
we're doing and until next time
you